# A02

Knowledge:
Webstorm? Don't know her.

For GIT:
https://git-scm.com/downloads
select the correct download for your operating system (windows for me)
Click the "Click here to download button"
Download and run the Git Setup. Follow the instructions on the setup window
Install Git

VSCODE:
Download Visual Studio Code from microsoft 
https://code.visualstudio.com/download

To connect github to VSCODE:
Find the repository you created in GitHub, select the code dropdown, and copy the url
Open VSCODE, select source control from the left toolbar.
Paste the link in the searchbar.

It's supposed to accept the clone, but mine didn't do anthing despite following the above.
Open the clone in a new repository window generated by VSCODE.
Basically you just keep pushing the new versions from VSCODE to github using git. 
1.2 pts for my sanity please :D

this is the video I used: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYiE5lBS13E


Definitions
- **Branch** - A new/separate version of the main repository
- **Clone** - A duplicate of the repository, usually downloaded.
- **Commit** - To commit is to save the newest version of what you were working on
- **Fetch** - Retrieves contents from a remote repository
- **GIT** - program for managing source code
- **Github** - Hosts a repository for that code
- **Merge** - Integrating source branch content and combinging it with a target branch
- **Merge Conflict** - When the merge doesn't work
- **Push** - Uploads local branches to corresponding remote branches, (it sends the newer version in to update the old one stored in the repository)
- **Pull** - Updates a local branch with its remote version
- **Remote** - Anything outside of the local machine (Things stored on Github's server)
- **Repository** - A place to store files and file revision history of a created projectg





